(ODD EYE CIRCLE made a lot of great memories in LA!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"
(A photo shoot in LA is successfully over!)
Thank you for your effort!
JinSoul: Good work everyone!
(The three girls are always energetic!)
Choerry: Good work everyone!
Kim Lip: But there're...
JinSoul: a music video shooting left!
JinSoul: We gonna do it diligently, beautifully, and wonderfully!
Kim Lip: (Team slogan) We've made some slogans~
Kim Lip: Can I show it?
JinSoul: ODD EYE~
Kim Lip: We're ODD EYE CIRCLE!
Kim Lip: This gestures means odd eye~
(But this slogan is never used...)
- Hello, we're ODD EYE CIRCLE!
(And the last part is even awkward...)
-ODD EYE, fighting!
JinSoul: It feels like a slogan of a soccer team!
JinSoul: Fighting!
Kim Lip & Choerry: Fighting!